Złote żniwa czy złote serca - Chodakiewicz
Żegota (Code name: Żegota) - Irene Tomaszewski, Tecia Werbowski 
Martyrs of Charity - Dr. Wacław Zajączkowski
Tajne państwo - Karski
Karski: How One Man Tried to Stop the Holocaust - E. Thomas Wood, Stanislaw M. Jankowski
When Light Pierced the Darkness: Christian Rescue of Jews in Nazi-Occupied Poland  - Nechama Tec
The Altruistic Personality: Rescuers of Jews in Nazi Europe - Samuel P. Oliner
Who are you Mr. Grymek? - Nathan Gross
Fighting Warsaw: The Story of the Polish Underground State, 1939-1945 - Stefan Korbonski
Ratowałam od Zagłady. Wspomnienia - Irene Gut Opdyke 
The Samaritans: Heroes of the Holocaust - Władysław Bartoszewski
Dzieci żydowskie w klasztorach - Ewa Kurek
Their Brothers' Keepers - Philip Friedman
The Jews in Poland - Chimen Abramsky 
The Path of the Righteous: Gentile Rescuers of Jews During the Holocaust - Mordecai Paldiel
Ten jest z ojczyzny mojej. Polacy z pomocą Żydom 1939–1945 - Władysław Bartoszewski
The blood shed unites us: Pages from the history of help to the Jews in occupied Poland - Wladyslaw Bartoszewski
Kto ratuje jedno życie... Polacy i Żydzi 1939-1945 - Kazimierz Iranek-Osmecki 
Those who Helped: Polish Rescuers of Jews During the Holocaust Paperback - Ryszard Juszkiewicz
Byłem Dowódcą Brygady Świętokrzyskiej - Antoni Szacki 
Caged: A story of Jewish resistance - David J Landau 
Assistance to the Jews in Poland, 1939-1945 - Tatiana Berenstein
Out of the Inferno - Lukas
Those Who Risked Their Lives - Anna Poray
Życie w słoiku. Ocalenie Ireny Sendler - Jack Mayer 
Irena Sendler and the Children of the Warsaw Ghetto Hardcover – Susan Goldman Rubin
Holocaust Memoirs: Jews in the Lwow Ghetto, the Janowski Concentration Camp, and As Deportees in Siberia - Joachim Schoenfeld
The Terrible Secret: Suppression of the Truth About Hitler's "Final Solution" – Walter Laqueur
Goebbels, the Man Next to Hitler - Rudolf Semmler
Ben-Gurion's Scandals: How the Haganah and the Mossad Eliminated Jews - Naeim Giladi
In the Shadow of Auschwitz: The Polish Government-in-exile and the Jews, 1939-1942 - David Engel
Between nazis and soviets - Chodakiewicz
Utajone Miasto. Żydzi po aryjskiej stronie Warszawy 1940-1945 - Paulsson Gunnar S. 
Belzec, Sobibor, Treblinka: The Operation Reinhard Death Camps Hardcover – Yitzhak Arad
